One thing about the man, he is a __ sales person.
One thing about the man, he is a __ restaurant employee.
One thing about the man, he is a __ referee.
One thing about the man, he is a __ engineer.
One thing about the man, he is a __ researcher.
One thing about the man, he is a __ designer.
One thing about the man, he is a __ technician.
One thing about the man, he is a security of __.
One thing about the man, he is a board member of __.
One thing about the man, he is a commander of __.
One thing about the man, he is a ceo of __.
One thing about the man, he is a construction worker.
One thing about the man, he is a farmer.
One thing about the man, he is a fisherman.
One thing about the man, he is a fishfarmer.
One thing about the man, he is a singer.
One thing about the man, he is a hospice nurse.
One thing about the man, he is a nurse.
One thing about the man, he is an appraiser.
One thing about the man, he is an architect.
One thing about the man, he is a prosecutor.
One thing about the man, he is a quarantine officer.
One thing about the man, he is a game programmer.
One thing about the man, he is an auction agent.
One thing about the man, he is a police officer.
One thing about the man, he is a bodyguard.
One thing about the man, he is a high school teacher.
One thing about the man, he is an elementary school teacher.
One thing about the man, he is a golf player.
One thing about the man, he is a public officer.
One thing about the man, he is a customs officer.
One thing about the man, he is a controller.
One thing about the man, he is an advertising coordinator.
One thing about the man, he is a miner.
One thing about the man, he is a prison guard.
One thing about the man, he is a politician.
One thing about the man, he is a soldier.
One thing about the man, he is a seaman.
One thing about the man, he is an airman.
One thing about the man, he is a marine.
One thing about the man, he is a weathercaster.
One thing about the man, he is a nail artist.
One thing about the man, he is a network programmer.
One thing about the man, he is a labor attorney.
One thing about the man, he is a basketball player.
One thing about the man, he is the president.
One thing about the man, he is a college professor.
One thing about the man, he is the president of the university.
One thing about the man, he is a graduate student.
One thing about the man, he is a data analyst.
One thing about the man, he is a database engineer.
One thing about the man, he is a librarian.
One thing about the man, he is a museum guide.
One thing about the man, he is an urban planner.
One thing about the man, he is a butcher.
One thing about the man, he is a simultaneous interpreter.
One thing about the man, he is a reporter.
One thing about the man, he is a marshaller.
One thing about the man, he is a magician.
One thing about the man, he is a cartoonist.
One thing about the man, he is a makeup artist.
One thing about the man, he is a model.
One thing about the man, he is a pastor.
One thing about the man, he is a carpenter.
One thing about the man, he is a dancer.
One thing about the man, he is a chiropractician.
One thing about the man, he is the gallary director.
One thing about the man, he is a hairdresser.
One thing about the man, he is a barista.
One thing about the man, he is a bartender.
One thing about the man, he is the museum director.
One thing about the man, he is a tv writer.
One thing about the man, he is a plumber.
One thing about the man, he is a bus driver.
One thing about the man, he is a translator.
One thing about the man, he is a lumberjack.
One thing about the man, he is a patent attorney.
One thing about the man, he is a lawyer.
One thing about the man, he is a jeweller.
One thing about the man, he is an actuary.
One thing about the man, he is an insurance agent.
One thing about the man, he is a noncommissioned officer.
One thing about the man, he is a secretary.
One thing about the man, he is a photographer.
One thing about the man, he is a product marketer.
One thing about the man, he is a shipbuilder.
One thing about the man, he is a vocalist.
One thing about the man, he is a tax accountant.
One thing about the man, he is a sommelier.
One thing about the man, he is a firefighter.
One thing about the man, he is a novelist.
One thing about the man, he is a service engineer.
One thing about the man, he is a swimmer.
One thing about the man, he is a vet.
One thing about the man, he is a sports coach.
One thing about the man, he is a monk.
One thing about the man, he is a crew.
One thing about the man, he is a flight attendant.
One thing about the man, he is a poet.
One thing about the man, he is a food inspector.
One thing about the man, he is a newspaper reporter.
One thing about the man, he is a credit analyst.
One thing about the man, he is a counselor.
One thing about the man, he is a psychotherapist.
One thing about the man, he is an announcer.
One thing about the man, he is a massagist.
One thing about the man, he is a choreographer.
One thing about the man, he is an analyst.
One thing about the man, he is a news anchor.
One thing about the man, he is a baseball player.
One thing about the man, he is a pharmacist.
One thing about the man, he is an editor.
One thing about the man, he is a travel guide.
One thing about the man, he is a director.
One thing about the man, he is a nutritionist.
One thing about the man, he is a screenwriter.
One thing about the man, he is a movie director.
One thing about the man, he is a diplomat.
One thing about the man, he is a cook.
One thing about the man, he is a welder.
One thing about the man, he is a mail carrier.
One thing about the man, he is a wedding planner.
One thing about the man, he is a web developer.
One thing about the man, he is a web designer.
One thing about the man, he is an athlete.
One thing about the man, he is a babysitter.
One thing about the man, he is a banker.
One thing about the man, he is a doctor.
One thing about the man, he is an illustrator.
One thing about the man, he is a car mechanic.
One thing about the man, he is a composer.
One thing about the man, he is a diver.
One thing about the man, he is a military officer.
One thing about the man, he is a general.
One thing about the man, he is a funeral director.
One thing about the man, he is an undertaker.
One thing about the man, he is a school inspector.
One thing about the man, he is a tailor.
One thing about the man, he is a fortune teller.
One thing about the man, he is a baker.
One thing about the man, he is a landscape architect.
One thing about the man, he is an animal trainer.
One thing about the man, he is a used car dealer.
One thing about the man, he is the conductor.
One thing about the man, he is a railroad mechanic.
One thing about the man, he is a janitor.
One thing about the man, he is a cinematographer.
One thing about the man, he is a soccer player.
One thing about the man, he is a dentist.
One thing about the man, he is a cheerleader.
One thing about the man, he is a car racer.
One thing about the man, he is a copywriter.
One thing about the man, he is a caddy.
One thing about the man, he is a consultant.
One thing about the man, he is a comedian.
One thing about the man, he is a curator.
One thing about the man, he is a courier.
One thing about the man, he is a taxi driver.
One thing about the man, he is a telemarketer.
One thing about the man, he is a pilot.
One thing about the man, he is a party planner.
One thing about the man, he is a judge.
One thing about the man, he is a fashion coordinator.
One thing about the man, he is a fund manager.
One thing about the man, he is a critic.
One thing about the man, he is a food stylist.
One thing about the man, he is a professional gamer.
One thing about the man, he is a florist.
One thing about the man, he is a skin care specialist.
One thing about the man, he is the first mate.
One thing about the man, he is a commentator.
One thing about the man, he is an event planner.
One thing about the man, he is a headhunter.
One thing about the man, he is a detective.
One thing about the man, he is a hotel manager.
One thing about the man, he is a painter.
One thing about the man, he is a cargo driver.
One thing about the man, he is an street cleaner.
One thing about the man, he is an accountant.
One thing about the man, he is a cell phone dealer.
One thing about the man, he is a pianist.
One thing about the man, he is a guitarist.
One thing about the man, he is a violinist.
One thing about the man, he is a violist.
One thing about the man, he is a cellist.
One thing about the man, he is a bassist.
One thing about the man, he is a drummer.